that's so weird I hope that doesn't
happen again I feel like it's only
because my computer went to sleep or
something
um is there a power
toys awake
that's so
sick power toys is dope okay whatever so
presumably now my computer will not
sleep if that was the
issue
okay okay um all right so here's
[__] okay so since I'm probably not
going to upload that former stream
because it was
nothing here's what we got I'm back from
backpacking three nights in Northern
California very beautiful we got two of
these two high RPM DC motors we have a
dual motor Drive okay we broke the Pico
on this thing by removing power to one
of the motor drivers and somehow that
like
busted my Pico I don't really know how
that happened so I just soldered the
headers onto this new Pico I bought more
Picos because I only this is my last one
and if I bust this sort of [__] out of
luck
um um oh yeah I bought Nerf rival
rounds and so we're going to be using
we're going to be designing in CAD
basically a flywheel mechanism where
we're GNA
have two of these
here and a wheel spinning count you know
opposite directions and when you feed in
one of these rounds it's going to shoot
it
Forward
okay
so let's just get started oh yeah I
forgot to look for high higher gauge
wire for the
power oh yeah and I forgot and then I
have a 20 amp power
supply at 12 volts which is what the the
motors
take
um okay so let's try to get one of these
spinning
out one and out two okay so let's see I
think that it doesn't matter I think
that
these
um okay so yeah so I'm definitely going
to
need um you know what I haven't done
this in a long time I'm going to get cuz
I
love when I speed up my footage and I
see me putting together the thing so I'm
going to get my little brick stand thing
and some tape and my webcam and we're
going to and then I'm going to put it
together so that at least somehow
documented even if you can't see it all
that
well
um yeah and then oh wait but I actually
have 10 amp
fuses so maybe I could get those 10 amp
fuses might as well I would hate to
break
anything oh yeah in the
kilowatt
okay
for e
so I went out and
splurged and I bought a professional
camera stand
things
[Music]
okay
Haim
Haim going
works okay I got to get a
kilowatt
e
e e
all
right
pillow there's so much setup when you
have to actually do the hard the
building and assembly and testing and
stuff like that so
um yes so this I might as well just
handle
this one two three four
one two three
four okay so
now the
motors I just want to resolve this so
that I don't forget because this little
thing is
oh
yeah yeah I want to scratch this
um let's see what's
hard whatever it's good enough I
think let's
see oh yeah that's plenty
perfect upgrade upgrade this is going to
save me so much
nonsense
um can I use the pliers
oh yeah there we go use
physics use physics
bro yeah that's that's plenty okay so
uh all right so now okay that little
change was just I have these motors and
they have female connectors on them but
I need male connectors to plug into my
breadboard so instead of having these
wires that are all differently sized and
[__] where I uh put on the headers and
that it'll be easy to connect so that's
just a small fix fix that'll make my
life a whole lot easier when I'm
connecting up the motors okay so the
next thing
is
um oh yeah is I need um
female to male breadboard
wires uh to connect from this
board wait why don't we just set this
up okay so here's what we want to
do do I need tape I probably do need the
tape
um and then what we need to
do it's around
here and
then got to get this as close as
possible so that it looks like it's
vertical I used to have like a tripod
that I did but okay that's good but we
need we need tape okay so I need to get
tape and I need to get those wires oh
come on bro I knew that was going to
happen someday spilled this yai bro
spilled the freaking yai all over the
freaking
gound the biggest L of that is the tape
bro or is the
ice I'm a dummy bro what the [__] okay
e
e e
okay c new
coffee putting it in a safe
location and then the jumper
wires then I don't know why my
camera is all messed
up maybe we do want
tape okay I'm going to go get the tape
then
for
e e
uh so wait let's just fix
this okay and then
um wait did this
want to do
this
that
okay that's not going
anywhere okay all right so let's set
this thing up
um we probably make this
full okay so we got our
Pico um this
kilowatt I literally almost knocked it
the coffee again that's in what is wrong
with me
bro what is wrong with
me
okay see I would use a thermos but a a
glass with ice in it is just so
pleasing okay um how this get so hello
hello test yo test all
right okay so
um okay where's my data sheet okay so
let's see if you can see this this is
the data
sheet so
basically
okay the first thing we need to do is
we're just trying to do one
motor okay so we
need to find five of
these okay
one two
three
4 five
okay
beautiful so let's just do it so red
will be + 5
Vols enable will be purple
because that's the pulse width P for
pulse okay in one can be
blue into two will be
yellow oh and ground let's see if I can
find a black one
actually and then how are we going to
ground this
thing we're going to need
to we're going to need a ground for
sure
okay and
then okay and I forgot to get the high
gauge wire so we'll need to do
that so
um see if we can find a black one so the
reason why we don't need the big game on
this is that it's just for signal so
it's like not really
important oh
perfect oh wait this is no wait this is
not
right never a waste of my
time whatever I'll just add a little
just add a little
[Music]
thing okay that's ground so let's just
do
it
ground um and then at no point is so the
ground
okay so I'm pretty sure what I need to
do is tie ground to one of
the so on this
thing there's three
comms and a ground I think I need to tie
ground to Cal or something and then tie
ground
also to the
breadboard but I don't need I don't want
any of the V is to be going to the
breadboard cuz I can't run 20 amps
through a breadboard almost certainly so
um but I do want to make sure that my
ground is common to
everything okay so then in1 we'll just
make that so let's look up the Pico W
pin
out
okay right so um
so N1 will
be gp0 let's just do that pin one it's
easier to remember wait this is in two
so okay
so
that
that this is pwm so this will be
okay wait let's shift this down
then so pwm is going to be pin GP pin
two which is actually pin
four
five six okay now they're all tied next
to each
other and the reason why
we're yeah because we want to test the
reversal and the thing is you're not
allowed to reverse it quickly you have
to do a break for more than .1 seconds
okay and then this is power and so this
is 3v3 out which is 36 so 36 is the
fifth one
down Okay
cool so that's all hooked up and then we
need a little
jumper for
ground I thought I had some of these but
we'll make
more okay I'll just make
more
okay
ha but I don't even know what I'm saying
think kichi
warts
okay pin
38 this
ground okay now we need a longer
one for
damn there's people that make their
jumpers like perfectly sized I have so
much I'm jealous of their patience I
cannot do
that okay so now we have a common ground
for the Pico
and the motor driver but what we
need okay yeah and then the bottom one
is the ground here we don't want to [__]
that up for
sure that will definitely destroy
it
um okay I think I'm gonna ask chat GPT
what to do
okay so
um so
um who was that why Gess
up
um
um I have a 12v 20
amp power
supply that
has
Ln
ground 3 Comm 3
v+
and plus
v
Edge um
I'm going to be hooking this up to a
dual motor
driver but I want to make sure I have a
common ground
with the my Pico
W should
I tie ground to one of the Comm and
then the Comm to the
blue minus rail on my
breadboard which
okay yeah I mean that that's what I did
for my benchtop power supply so I didn't
see why it would be any different um
presumably all of the
Comm and
all the V
plus all the Comm on the are tied
together
internally Okay cool so
uh there we go
okay so we need to get some thick wire
and
then um
okay how much current can go through
breadboards
through a
typical oh my gosh
yeah but so
um so what am I trying to think about is
like okay
if but it should be fine to have Comm go
to breadboard
yeah
okay do I unscrew this thing how do I
how do I get to it okay so let me find
some red and
black high gauge
wire yeah let me just go do
that
e e
e
okay so I have
so I have I found
this which is pretty thick stuff but
then I
realized that the com oh and I damn it I
forgot that I have to tie the Comm
together maybe I'll just use that
one and then let's see if this goes into
the
[Music]
breadboard not really I don't want to
stretched that
out
um the annoying thing is that
this cable oh you know what I could do
actually I could grab a different
one okay I could grab one of those three
prongs cuz I have like a million of
those strip
that okay I don't know if it's there's a
polarity to it but we'll we'll
see
e
for e
okay
so but the cable that goes to my
computer to the wall is not
three-prong so even though I have this
which is a cable that goes to
there which is presumably better
um so we still need a way to close the
[Music]
ground
um so wait so okay
right but ground is not necessarily tied
to
calm okay so okay so let me get my
screwdriver
we are slowly but surely getting
there okay so I actually want to take a
picture can you tell what color that
is that's blue okay the N is blue
oops yoink okay
now let's move this out of the way
okay so we're just going to do the exact
same
thing okay I have a three
prong I have
a I have a three-prong wall outlet and
the colors are
blue uh brown and yellow with a green
stripe which go to which on my power
supply blue is
neutral Brown is live okay and yellow is
ground Okay
cool so just twist them up make sure
they're
there good
okay blue is
neutral
let oh actually how do you do this
you're supposed to wrap it around
probably they all come all the way
out so
okay you want as much contact as
possible okay
okay whatever I'm just going to do it
straight
on I need to
um cut more of this
just a little bit more
come
on okay got there we go okay all right
that's
better get this guy in there
okay cool now brown is live
and yellow is
brown now the the thing about the
ground is we're going to need to put two
things in here
so why don't I just get that
ready is
um where did I put
that
um we have this one and this one but
then we hit a
third this
[Music]
no no
oh here it is okay so I think what I'm
going to
do should I be maybe say better safe
than sorry and I'll just use the
thickest
one
um just just in
case so I'll cut off
probably like that
much then this is
probably I probably need to get
different wire
strippers
okay okay so now we're just going to
Bend
this and it's going to
go into both of
them so let me just
finish
this and then
yeah this is really thick stuff this is
great oh
[__] let's uh let's crimp it a little
bit
okay
cool that's
great
um oh
[Music]
okay that's in there that's tight enough
definitely making
contact okay so
now we're going to use these two or no
we're going to
use let's see Comm should be just a
normal 22 gauge wire so it's tiny
but then
red let's see
we're getting close to testing this
thing which is very nerve-wracking
honestly I don't like how much is
exposed see if I can get it any
further see am I even getting any of
this no
okay so we're going to try
to keep this
Twisted get it in
there yeah it just doesn't go that deep
so I'm just going to cut some off of
it okay because I don't want to short
anything
so okay that's that's
nice nice and
tight this thing is pretty weak actually
this terminal block can't take any Force
[Music]
whatever okay that's definitely good
enough
okay now we're just going to take the
first
v+ put it in there
okay now we just need
Cal
uh I think I'm just going to do this
this is the sus this is the most sus
part of the whole thing is using this
wire as opposed
to cuz this isn't even copper this is
like some alloy or some what is it made
of let's see does it
say I don't
know okay
oh but you know what maybe I'll
use maybe
I'll use the third
com with the thick wire
better safe than sorry right cuz
then yeah I'm going to do
that so wait so let's uh strip a small
amount off of this thing
and they're all tied together
so we really shouldn't have an
issue get in there bastard
this wire is actually too thick
almost I think I'm just going to cut off
this not
it put it in the wrong
way here we
go let's see okay let's see if this goes
in
okay that goes in so then
maybe what if I just use
there we go
okay so
we're basically ready to test this thing
which is scary as hell to be honest
um
what the [__]
okay so now I'm just going to flash
it oh yeah and now we need we need
more we need more High um
um High current wire because and then
actually I'm going to get one of those
10 amp fuses
so if we
look at the example
circuit it recommends putting uh a 10
amp fuse to the motor and actually we're
going to be building this one but it's
still recommends a 10 amp
fuse
um I don't understand what this
schematic right here
means but
regardless
um okay so the first thing I want to do
is
break so what does this mean uh Z is low
one is high X is any level when floating
High what does that even
mean okay and then also I don't want to
solder to this yet because I
don't oh but you know what it came with
some
like like crimp connectors which I've
never used before but the thing is I
don't know if crimp connectors are
removable or what
I've never done this before but so it
came with these plastic
things whatever they have this at the
end but then it also came
with a bunch of these which are metal
and they slot
over you take one of the tabs and it
slots over it
oh you know what that's
probably but once you crimp it can you
get it
off cuz I would
really I mean who would design it so
that you you have to solder to it that's
like total
bogus but then we do need some thick
wire
to to slot in there presumably that's
that's conductive that's um
and
then um I also want to
ask
okay if the polarity of the DC motor
matters I think it doesn't cuz there's
nothing on here that indicates what's
plus and what's
minus I think there's this
red red one here
okay oh yeah let me show the so this is
what the power supply looks like we
got
neutral live ground ground also tied to
Comm then a Comm that goes to the
breadboard and then a that goes directly
to the motor driver that's high gauge
and then v+ which goes directly to the
motor driver as
well let's see is there downloads for
this
it's crazy that
that oh yeah was I going to get the
um the
[Music]
fuses and then is there a switch on this
thing or what there's no switch on this
I feel like that's
weird
okay
for
e
e e
okay yeah these are definitely
not brushless motors I I I feel like I
was suspect of that when I moved it and
I heard a little sound but then I looked
at the Amazon reviews and they also said
yeah these are not brushless not at
all um and there is a polarity this red
thing is the positive
side um
now the question is whether or not I can
get this thing to work or if this motor
driver okay
so yeah
okay so uh okay
um okay yeah it it probably is a brushed
motor uh and the advertising was just
false but does that
mean I have this dual motor
driver uh that has two two outputs and
presumably I can use this thing to drive
my brush DC motor right
okay fine so so be it I'm going to go
get some more wire then you know what I
could
cannibalize I mean it's good to know
that
like cuz we have literally thousands of
these this is the ca cable that we have
the most of is these either two or three
prong wall
wall plugs and since it goes to the wall
it probably is designed to handle pretty
high
current
jeez um so that's good news is that I
could just use this
it actually is not that thick of
wire maybe I'll go get a different
one and we have so many of
them well I could bring the
red spool
up okay so here's okay let's just get
this working I'm being such a [__] I
feel like it's so easy to just get
nervous and like not want to break
things but at some point as long as
you've done the due diligence you might
as
well oh and is this shielding is that
how that works how does this
work you put this
in there
okay yeah and then you put the wire in
there I don't know what the screws are
for I guess the screws are mounting
screws yeah and it doesn't come with
nuts that's right okay
fair
enough and then you crimp it down and
then you crimp that
down that's how it
goes okay I'm going to go get another
one of those wall plugs that's a little
bit thicker
okay and then we're just going to send
it
um I'm I'm kind of nervous
man
because let me look at that paper
again
for for
okay let's freaking do this thing I'm
getting more
wire
e e
okay I probably should have got
too
um okay so let's just do this thing
we're going to use
the
um okay let me get an xacto knife and
extract some of this I found a really
nice one that has already pre
pre-soldered
ends
um okay so give me a sec
ever since that end thing I'm kind of
worried hey what's going on bro I am
building well okay here I'll
contextualize it I'm building a robot
that shoots paintballs and it's going to
paint a painting but we're sort of
pretty early in that process so the
first real thing that was built that
came out of this
hold on give me a
moment untangle this
thing is
this it is a basically a turret so it
can like turn this way and it can turn
this way
and it'll hold a phone it'll track my
face and stuff like that but we're sort
of moving on to the second real part of
the assembly and that is using DC motors
to create like a uh a spinning two
spinning wheels that if you put
a if you put a
ball like this
into this the wheels that are spinning
in opposite directions it'll shoot it
forward and so the idea is that you
cover this in paint you put it in there
and it and it hits a canvas and it'll
deposit some paint onto the canvas
so uh so that's the
goal this is
okay let's see if that's
enough this blade is kind of
dull let's see if we can tear it
out oh wait there is is that stuff that
I think you can use to cut
it I think you can use this stuff
to cut
no uh what are the components that I'm
using so we have this dual motor driver
that I have yet to this is the first
time I'm using it then the main brain of
everything is a Raspberry Pi Pico
W um so now you now I'm I'm getting off
of Arduino I think Arduino kind of
stinks I much prefer micro python I
think you can actually run micro python
on arduinos and at megas but the thing
is they just have no I mean they're just
like the clock speed is like 16 MHz it's
like what the
heck this is not going how I wanted it
to go
oh you know what I could do I could just
cut this and slide it
off so it's not python it's micro
python uh which is like basically python
except it uh compiles into you know know
the
native is at least is my understanding
it compiles into native uh oh [__] I
nicked
it damn
it I'll just put some electrical tape
over it then I don't have to worry
okay uh what's what's you use case the
the robot it's freaking rad as hell
bro that's the use case it's freaking
cool
um okay so we use these two see how long
do I want to make it I kind of want to
make it long so I'm going to cut some
more maybe that long
maybe this is good enough
okay yeah this is good enough all right
let's
um cut
these okay now I just need black and
white uh out of black and white what is
I have a black
and well ground is black so I'll make
ground negative so we'll make white
plus okay so this is I don't know what
the gauge of this is
okay where's my
screwdriver always losing tools bro okay
so plus is going to be out
one this in right
okay so this one's plus so I've never
done this before but this is like a
crimp connector or something so I'm
going to put it in this plastic thing
it's going to slot
in and then I'm just going to crimp it
down basically
and then you
crimp
that I honestly don't know if this is
right this seems kind of
sus
but uh
whatever this is what it looks like
can't really tell I hate how this thing
focuses um okay so now we just
need
this and then we need another one
of these
okay that's good
hey
it's kind of the Moment of Truth
almost we're going to see man we're
going to
see I've never I've never done this
before Oh should I get the fuse
let me go get a fuse and just
see
e
e e
okay this is the fuse I I've never done
that but
like I don't even get how you solder
onto this thing how do you even connect
to
this do you take it off I don't think
you
do like then how do you even use this
thing
well whatever I'm going to keep this
[Music]
around
um all right
I think you crimp the other way I think
you're supposed to crimp like
this for
I don't think it's really on there
man this one's much better than this one
but I do want it
shielded such a loose connection
here we go that's a little bit stronger
I feel like that that should be
okay all right so holy [__] so now we
need to write some
code okay
okay so the code is going to
be
just okay so the code is just going to
be um
writing the right pins to one and zero
because the first thing that we're going
to do is we're just going to break so if
we
see this chart again that
I okay
so break is if you set in
0 to in one to
zero in 2 to zero and enable one to
whatever it will break the
motor it'll like prevent it from moving
so we want to see this thing lock up so
that I can't turn
it
okay and then I want to double check it
does
say control signal voltage DC 3 volts to
6.5 plus 5 volts can be connected to 5
volts or 3.3 volts to provide Power for
the signal SL okay
okay so we're just going to break
it
so
um okay so uh let's just do this
okay the board is flashed I want to just
do
blink
which PCO W
blink okay so we want that extension
micro Pico yeah that's what it
is okay so we're going to run
that okay blink is working so that means
that that's
good stop that um
okay
um so this is going to be um
uh
okay okay so I have my Pico W connected
to
wait to my motor
driver where
um hold on let me do this
I have my Pico
W uh
[Music]
where
the
um the enable pin for uh output this is
all for output one the enable pin is
hooked up to
gp2 um on my
Pico
the in one
is hooked up to
gp3
the the in1 pin is hooked up to gp3 and
the in two is hooked up to GP
4 now write a simple micropython code
for my
Pico
um that
um that does break that that locks the
motor oh wait it's locked right now no
no see it did it
wrong but that's
okay we'll just edit the
code brake motor is
z
z anyway is it three and four is that
right I think that's
wrong enable is hooked up to oh no yeah
okay enable is hooked up to
two yeah the zero indexing is very
goofy okay now we're going
to wait but we need power holy hell okay
you pray to the maker God in in moments
like this that nothing goes horribly
wrong well fear is the mind killer bro
fear is the mind killer We're not gonna
play so hold on so
wait why don't I
why don't I unplug the actual outputs
from the power supply get my voltmeter
and then
test I feel like that is a Stane
intermediate step before I
actually before I actually do this thing
okay
e e
Okay so
hey
okay so can we see
that is it even
visible
okay I can't see that I need to look at
it myself
okay let's plug it in
okay so the power supply should be on
okay I just heard the fan boot so that's
good we're getting 12 volts perfect okay
so this thing does what it's supposed to
do so it's working
presumably okay so now I'm going to turn
it off
okay and we are going
to there's probably some capacitors that
need to
discharge
yeah yeah there's big caps on there okay
okay
why is this so
nerve-wracking okay so we're going to
upload the
code we are going to run this code
motor is locked break oh wait wait wait
wait
um let's do
this oops
all right this is the Moment of
Truth okay I flipped
it damn it it's not
should I set let me set the enable pin
to something let me set enable to one
it says it can be anything though that's
why I'm kind of
annoyed e
for
[Music]
um
one zero
oh
[__] well that
works that's sick all right holy [__]
did you guys see that jump dude oh my
God all right cool good [__]
so I don't know I guess break doesn't
really lock it up as like I thought it
would all right so that's so sick all
right hell yeah hell yeah
bro um it's so funny that these
notification suggestions they they ask
you more notifications than the actual
thing so it's like so freaking
annoying um okay so let's just hook up
the second motor cuz so while we're at
it um or should we design the thing
now we need to
design okay so I'm going to oh my gosh
dude I'm so happy this thing moves so
fast okay wait we should set up Pulse
width so we should try to set this at a
half
speed okay so I don't know how to do
that
um okay
the enable pin uh is supposed to be used
with pulse width modulation to control
the speed I want
to set
forward to 10% speed on input
one um but how do I do that using my
Pico w
okay I see something in the data sheet
that I got in the package from Amazon
that says uh in enable signal terminal
input pwm adjustable speed pwm frequency
range 0 to 10
khz um what I don't understand is does
the
PCB have a way to determine the clock
cycle or the frequency of the like how
will the motor driver know that I set
the pwm frequency to 1 khz or whatever
oh
okay okay so let's try that um
let's make a
folder okaying
okay okay pretty pretty
straightforward sick
so yeah I'm a master at DC motors
now okay I want to look at the current
draw okay so let's
okay so for 10%
speed oh um
it really does not use that much current
at
all this thing is using like when it's
on
like 2 amps
let's see a
50 oh I never got the uh
right it's only using a third of an amp
wow this thing is strong you can feel it
when it hits the brakes it's like slams
it that's sweet
okay well I feel very accomplished that
this actually worked you know it's it's
funny CU When you put all this new stuff
together you just like there's so many
unknowns that you're just so worried
about it like not working but it it
works
I wonder if that's really
like oh sh
I really wonder if that's
actually 20,000
RPM this is rad man that thing moves so
fast okay so now
we got the motor working we got pulse
withth speed control
working what was on my to-do list
anyways
so okay yeah we did
that um
um yeah we did
that and we did this so we've done most
of the things that
we sort of needed to do to get
running so now I can put away a lot of
this stuff and we can just start
designing so it's going to be a mostly a
cad day from here on out I feel like so
uh
okay
wow that was extremely successful I am
so
happy okay so here's what I'm going to
do
oh yeah
it's great when stuff just
works uh um
[Music]
I it I it so I it I it I it so I hate it
I it I
[Music]
I burning that Wood Bridge on the roof
of my apartment
[Music]
Su got
ite couldn't prove I was drown I sent
[Music]
it up
it out Miss
[Music]
in I I take my own advice
can't believe I thought I was
[Music]
where's my notebook bro what the
heck um where's my
notebook for
okay
all
right oh yeah and then the other right
and then
um wait I actually have a keep note let
me go private
we
just put this
okay right so this is what I had written
down on my backpacking trip is what I
need to do so yeah so um this is yeah so
this is a big
one I really want to do
that oh yeah I want to switch to pose
detection it would be fun to do model
quantization but
uh let's uh let's just keep pushing on
the
projectto
okay so let me just do an initial sketch
of what I
okay all right so let me just like show
sort of what I imagine
this um
oh wait we we probably need
to okay so let me
just maybe I'll get I got to go get my
calipers
now but basically we need a model
okay so let's uh we need to
model
this and we need to
this the motor and the
bracket okay so fair enough uh I'll get
the calipers and then actually
if
I who made this
they are pretty quiet actually though I
will give them that
um oh you need to give it 24 volts to
get up to
okay
okay we'll need to do some actual math
to figure out how big to make the
flywheel uh but let's see if they give
me any dimensions
dude these dimensions are actual
[__] underload it probably yeah right
that's what my dad was saying underload
it probably uh
I mean because there's nothing holding
on to this
thing
okay massage chair when are you going to
need this in a massage
chair oh yeah with a gear reduction and
to move it up and down I get it
10,000 RPM that's like 160 times a
second so what is the angular velocity
then that is an angular velocity but in
seconds is I guess what I
mean whatever I okay let me get the
calipers and we'll start modeling I
think that's the best thing to do
nice I already had them it's always nice
when that and you have the
tool who the hell put this in inches bro
what the
freck what am I an imperialist what am I
a
pig okay so let's just do the plate
first so that I can get this
2.5 okay so um just do uh so we're going
to do we're going to do this this
is mounting bracket okay then up
here uh what did I do I did contrl P is
it control p
what alt
P
what I thought
I um
I thought I did that maybe it was on my
other computer that I did
that um bracket
thickness okay
um it's Square so that's nice
52.4 oh
wait okay oh wait wait no no no it's
50 yeah
okay the diameter of the
motor wait is it 50 did I just mess that
up like big time I feel like 50 is the
right number
H I'm so bad at using calipers cuz I
feel like I
yeah see I'm getting
51 yeah the problem is if I get this
wrong then the holes will be
off which is not ideal
yeah I hate this I wish they just gave
me the right
dimensions okay let's let's use the
calipers and then just um
okay uh yeah
okay then we got to get the shaft
geometry right okay there's a lot to
do
17.4
um what do you call that
Mo no wait motor diam is stupid
motor I'm just going to ask
jbt my DC
motor has is a
cylinder but there is a
smaller cylinder that extrudes
um a bit
higher um what is
that what should I name the
parameter for that
parameter shoot a bit
higher
and surrounds the shaft
what should I name the parameter for
that confusion I just want to see what
it
says collar I like that motor
collar and it's uh 17.4 and then I want
to look at
um where are the dimensions
and then what is the height of that
thing okay so the overall height
or length yeah we're going to call it
length motor length is
66.5
okay yeah and I'm getting
that motor length 66
6.5 okay and then the Extrusion there is
like five
up
okay oh
okay now the
shaft 16.39
okay what did I say I think it's just 16
let's just make it
16 the question is the
geometry well it doesn't really matter
but of the D of the D slot
um okay wait let's just
see we do a new component called
motor and then within that is a motor
house right but then within this is a
shaft okay okay that's
fine and we want them to be two
different components because
um yeah so okay so let's activate motoh
house okay cool
yeah uh did we did we even get that we
did not get that
mounting hole
pitch oh that's nice
okay so I think we have them all okay so
this is going to
be what do you oh wait
um uh
okay then this gets extruded
by oh and then we need this I think the
collar goes on the other side right so
we actually need to uh
and then how much does this extrude
out
seven and what is the the shaft diameter
is five
right most shaft diameters are five and
it's usually pretty prec which is also
nice oh oh I knew it wait Did I know it
no motor shaft D okay
wait did I
what okay and then ex shude this by
seven oh wait but this is actually no
but you know
what that's not really what we want
because that thing goes all the way
through and we need to account for that
for right now I think it's
fine so then on here we're going to do
the exact same
thing and we just need to do a cut and
we need to figure
out yeah how much to cut and then
there's a small
fillet but that's fine
okay
e e
so
uh it's going to be
uh
oh I wish I could do this I wish this is
why open source off would be so much
better if I could just make their thing
actually good
oh
um uh
okay um is that right is that everything
we just need to make
this okay that's almost 100 that that
probably is right
thank God this thing is
metric I'm coming up with
98 yeah that sort of checks out
actually but whatever it's close enough
okay
[Music]
um okay so we have it right we just need
to do this this uh motor card
diam what is that what it said I don't
think it had
a oh oh wait hold
on okay now in here we we want
the here's what I'm going to do I'm
going to draw a shaft diam hole
here I'm going to extrude this
all the way through actually so this is
kind of whatever but now I'm going to
activate
shaft uh why don't we design it from the
bottom so first we're going to construct
an offset plane from here
by shaft total shaft back yeah okay
we're going to draw a circle on here
that's five
millimeters and we're going to extrude
this
by uh we can't actually use shaft total
length which is really annoying because
then it will be
wrong no so okay so what instead what
we'll do is we'll
undo that and we'll make
it because this is the length that
really matters is
shaft
okay or
uh strw this by and then let's do shaft
total
length
uh
okay so now the height here is not seven
which is kind of
annoying oh it is
seven but then what's the height
here oh no you know what it is right
it's just that the this is like okay so
we're good here here okay perfect so now
all we need to do is we need to
cut the D we got to cut that
D
3.36 let's do
3.5 and then let's see what's the depth
on that
1325 okay
13.25 okay so what we need to
do why is my mouse being
weird Okay so we're going to
do first there is a slight
fillet but let's maybe do that after
okay so we need to
make a line that's
vertical and coincident so we have two
coincident you make the distance from
here to here
um oh
wait what is that going to be it's going
to
be it's going to be 2.5 it's going to be
but if the distance between here to
here yeah wait hold on do this
what did I say
3.25 no I said 3.5
right
yeah yeah so that means that this is one
okay
so I'd rather just do it like
that okay so
now we want to extrude this minus
13.25 that looks pretty good now the
only thing is this is a fillet of maybe
like 0. five I don't know how you that
seems right
I don't know how you measure
that okay so
now and then there's probably a fill it
on
here okay so now we just need to do a
joint as built joint so let's do this
shift J
perfect
um I'm so bad I'm so naughty making a
new project again this is going to
be ball shooter
okay so we have the motor done and this
is like close
enough is that really it's a scale I
feel like
it's I feel like
like this is
wrong the height of this
[Music]
thing
66.5 why does this just look so
disproportionate though that's what I
don't get
also there's this casing on
here it's 42 but it's really 44 and a
half so I'm going to change that
that looks closer to what it
is okay
um
um so this needs to be
uh
mounting hold on oh wait um oh yeah we
forgot uh hold
on we need to add two holes that are
probably well they're sort of as deep as
you
need but I'm not going to go that far to
model the inner casing of this thing
because that's too much
work
okay let's see here so we need
to okay
let's motor motor house
sketch um oh yeah can we get the
uh oh where did I put
those
oh I'm almost positive their
m5s you can just
tell you can just tell my man
okay well it says
3. six
let
say oh wait I have
my I can just
check it says
on the calipers that it's a
3.7 or something
but my
guess is that these
are oh maybe they M4
okay well they're definitely not M5 so
they're probably
M4 yep okay perfect so we can just make
the Hol is four
do I get a vertical
hello I don't get a
center that's super for annoying
okay okay now we just need to extrude it
by 10
should we thread
them it's definitely not that it's
probably
this oh wait we didn't need to do model
okay all right now we can go back to the
bracket it's going to
be
uh bracket
height wait am I dumbass
yeah I am so we want this
plus
oh
um
okay what I said X oh
okay so we're
doing I didn't actually
check cuz this actually does not look oh
yeah I'm dumb as
hell okay so this is the
width 52.5
okay so one of them is 50 and
then okay so that's the
height bracket
thickness bracket
height bracket height is 50
yeah no
wait bracket height is
[Music]
um oh you can't undo that that's an
L something like
that 51.2 minus
okay dude why am I being so
dumb no because that is the Extrusion
amount bracket height is the Extrusion
amount okay so wait so
this okay and then this is
50 so we're kind of doing this actually
I'm going to make this I going to swap
these this is going to be
bracket
width
okay no I want to do oh my God I'm so
stupid
bracket
with 50 okay okay so it's going to be
facing this way okay all right so now we
need to draw
these
slots so first off I'm making
construction
line okay so then oh but yeah so we need
a a line that's
wait is it going to be 1.25 or
2.5 it's going to be
1.25 oh wait
uh okay and then now we're going to
do it's like two
lines and
[Music]
then these are
equal these
are
horizontal then we need a uh
Arc is it tangent Arc
yeah I believe if I set this I'm
good no oh
positioning yeah
positioning
um let's think about that
oh so that's 10 okay so how do I make
the distance between here and
here uh 10
how do I even get that okay wait what's
the
radius uh
uh oh
interesting oh interesting okay so this
needs to be so wait so what is the
actual so wait what's the thickness of
it that's what I want to
know
or 4.25
that determines the radius right so this
will be driven
yeah okay
so this is going to be 10
minus 2
* and it's fully constrained except for
so why is it vertically constrained what
is constraining this thing
vertically what that's so
weird Okay so the the distance from here
to
here is 25
right so the
distance to this Center Point the
distance to that Center Point needs
needs to
be 25 so we want to
do
wait yeah 25 over two or wait uh
yeah 25 over
minus five or minus
this over
two is that centered that doesn't look
that
centered and
then here to here is going to
be so wait so what is the width of this
thing it's
50 50 so then this should be
12.5 but that's definitely wrong but the
distance between here and here should be
oh
right
minus okay I think we're good now
sweet and this is also construction
line oh wait
okay
it's probably a little bit more than
that it's actually the tall was pretty
tight when I
checked 17.44% so yeah keep that as
is this is not construction
though and then
um these are m4s so we can make them
like
4.2 and then the distance is going to be
oh damn
it um
okay
okay so the mounting bracket is
done let's turn this back
on and then we want to mount so let's do
this
J here
oh oh wait it's uh
no yeah something looks off there why
why was that why is that
wrong oh wait hold on
cool all right very
good why is there so little clearance I
feel like there's more clearance
there's definitely more clearance in the
actual
part it must be not centered oh you know
what it
is it's centered uh
on this
face so we need to actually go
here when we
draw
this we need to remove
this or
yeah so wait can we move this up now
woo woooo okay so what we want to do is
this to here here is
um is it uh bracket thickness over
two let me think about it
what is the center point on this face
wait let's finish
sketch hide this I just want to draw a
face on here and just look
what did we say this
was 48.75 but what is that's
this okay so
24 okay so wait let's just finish that
so let's copy that number 24
you can't copy it what the
hell that's
crazy okay whatever let me just write it
down okay so
um who cares
so
this here to
here needs to
be uh it needs to be
24375 plus
2.5 what is
that 26. 875 Okay cool so I did all the
math right so now we just need to say
that there's a point
here okay and then here and here is
vertical okay and then actually we
delete this the distance between here
and here
is uh mounting pitch over two okay so
now I think we're good oh but no but
these need to be actually no so I'm I'm
dumb as hell that horizontal constraint
is bogus this and this are probably
horizontal
oops oh wait I have there's some
coincident thing is this coincidence
what is
that no that's a
mirror oh there's the coincident okay so
now
okay that seems
right so
now does the joint still
work okay that looks
right cool
and it is a very snug
fit
e e
okay
so I think I don't even really want to
use this bracket
um see how long I've been going
320 still got five hours left
brother
um so yeah so what I'm saying is we need
to do some math because
there's a lot of physics that I don't
understand okay so my plan is to
have two motors
with flywheels
um that spin in opposite
directions a Nerf rival
round is pushed
into the y
wheels
uh help me work through the physics
so my plan is have two Motors spin in
opposite directions a Nerf rival ground
is pushed into the
flywheels um first what
determines whether
the Nerf gets pushed
back
versus
[Music]
through the
what by wheels and Propel
borer that's a huge unknown presumably
it's going at 10,000 RPM but like I
don't really have a way to determine
that
the speed at which each flywheel is
spinning directly affects how much
momentum is transferred to the Nerf
round grip contact between fly wheels
and round the friction between the
surface of the flywheels
the force with which the Nerf round is
pushed into the fly wheels affects how
the round interacts with them if the P
Pusher force is too low the round might
not make sufficient contact with the
flywheels and could be bounced back
I mean this is literally a pitching
robot
literally
literally Lally
yeah most of the paint would be wasted
just
cuz yeah most of the paint will be
wasted for
sure it's a good and bad thing
yeah that's just gonna you're just going
to have to cross that bridge and get to
it
okay right yeah the velocity of the
outer diameter of the flywheel is just
the angular Mo velocity times the
radius okay let's work through this the
force transferred from the fly wheels to
the Nerf round is related to the torque
and speed of the motor you can calculate
the tangential
velocity yeah that's what it's called
tangential
velocity at the point where they contact
the Nerf
round n is the normal force which
depends on how tightly the round is
pressed against the flywheels influenced
by the flywheels compression on the
Round And The Pusher
Force right right right right
right ensure that the flywheels have
enough angular velocity and momentum to
overcome the inertia of the round I
don't know really
The Pusher mechanism that is something
that I really did not
consider I sort of Imagine just poking
it with a stick to
start okay that's great
so okay so uh
what's up with this
URL it's weird as
hell wait actually I didn't ever take a
picture of that torque speed
curve let me take a picture of this so I
don't lose
it is just the dimension
yeah this is
a Motor Performance
[Music]
curves this graph
is ridiculous
I wonder was limiting my current because
this is a no load it got 10,000 RPM with
1.1 amps but I only got a third of an
amp and who knows presumably it was only
going at that 3,000 RPM which is 50
times a
second um
what the
hell um
um well what is the
tradeoff for a
big clearly a bigger yly
wheeel will have a
higher
velocity but what is the
drawback for
I think we should just guess a number I
don't think it's going to be all that
big of a deal I mean clearly is
eventually but not right now so okay so
what are we doing we're ignoring the
bracket
so um
maybe I should just start over and just
do an insert
derive okay so let me just think about
this okay
um oh yeah well we lose all our
parameters
though yeah maybe I'll just delete the
joint and disable the thing okay so um
um
um what was it 7
a okay
cool I mean you can compress this to
like
half you can compress this like half if
you really
try so what is the physics of
like what is the
relationship of the
compression of the Nerf and the friction
Force the friction force
is the coefficient of
[Music]
friction right so
the Nerf is a spring effective
and most likely doesn't have a
linear curve defining the normal force
for a given amount of compression
probably Nerf round being made of foam
behaves like a nonlinear
spring I don't know how you
yeah it is probably some sort of
exponential though
or how could I measure
this yeah modeling the phone yeah I need
a stress string curve
do I probably have a force
sensor I mean I feel like it's a side
quest but I definitely want
to model the nonlinear
spring the what is it called
the model the
compression of the Nerf rival
round
model yeah because it would be cool to
get the physics actually down like this
is supposed to be a real project not
just like a [__] let's guess type of
thing
um I think for right now let's just do 5
millimeters cuz tonight I really want to
get something shooting I don't want to
just like have nothing it's already
2m
so okay so we're g to um
rigid oh yeah let's just delete this oh
wait can
we
no yeah let's just delete this and
disable
this okay
cool um
okay before we do that let's get half of
it
down
okay
so wait but we need to determine the
flywheel
we need to determine the flywheel
diameter okay so wait
um how do I read
a how do I read this
graph
for
e e
there's no Legend this graph is total
[__] oh wait there is there is a
legend
for
e
e e
let me just Google Motor Performance
curve hello guys welcome to another
video of the course in this video we
will discuss the calculation of the
performance CES of the motor using the M
software and the siming model that we
prepared in the previous video so here
you can see the performance curves of
the ve
motor as you can see the efficiency
drops by reducing the value of the
output torque right here as you can see
we have these three important working
points when the output power is half
efficiency is 67 and here efficiency is
72 when we have the 75% of the output
torque and also we have reduction of the
power factor when we reduce the output
power so
you can see these curves and this dat
also here this is the efficiency curve
the green one is the power factor as you
can see here we have the maximum power
factor for the maximum low oh
the maximum efficiency the efficiency is
71.8% the torque
is 70 Newton met minus meters I don't
really get what that
is the speed was about 9,000 RPM the
current was 7 amps
about and the output was 60 see watch
okay let's
see this maximum
at
8900 the power the current was 7
amps I can't I can't tell it doesn't I
don't
know power typically follows a parabolic
shape because power equals torque time
angular
velocity at zero
torque wait what is
torque right it's a rotational Force
okay
but we don't care about the efficiency
really right what we care about
is so let's just set a
um so let's just set
a um a speed of let's just say we want
to shoot the ball at 50 m/
second
okay let me
work
backward if
the Nerf rival round is 78
inch
um and I want to shoot
it 50 m
second help
me Define the size of
the
flywheel and then check
if my motor can handle it cuz I want to
know can I shoot at 50 millimeters a
second
the speed at which the Nerf round is
propelled depends on the tangential
velocity of the flywheels
yep let's assume the flywheel diameter
is roughly two times the diameter of the
Nerf for okay
that's pretty small I sort of assuming
it'd be big but uh yeah
okay 2,000 radians a second that's only
like 1,000 RPM oh no
that's yeah I can't I can't do
that that's really
so we can increase the size of the
flywheel oh the diameter is 50 mm that's
pretty big
though yeah maybe that was kind of what
I was imagining
now that we know the required flywheel
RPM we need to check if your motor can
achieve this speed while providing
enough torque to drive the flywheels
with the necessary
Force the torque required depends on the
mass and radius of the flywheel and the
angular acceleration needed to maintain
the desired RPM while
launching yeah we it needs to be going
20,000 underload while it's compressed
that's pretty
crazy e
let's estimate the torque required to
spin the fly whe the moment of
inertia eye for a solid disc like a
flywheel
okay I would need to double check if
that even makes
sense next we need to estimate the
angular acceleration required to spin
the flywheel up to
speed why does that matter
but I think that that's at its
maximum for
[Music]
oh yeah I'm dumb as hell yeah uh
du wait millon meters
do what is up with this
[__] see that's what I'm saying
there that's not even a maximum power
output where it's going 5,000 RPM yeah I
don't think this motor can actually do
that okay so if that's the case let me
I'm going to make the fly wheel design
right now executive
decision uh what's going on Isabelle
Joseph what's going on okay uh
um that was 10 minutes ago anyways uh
yeah so let's just make it
75 75 is that too
big that's three times the size of the
Nerf rival
round let's try it
the Nerf compression should
be do five
okay
how do I want this to
um yeah we always just design the
stupidest thing you can
imagine so this needs to
be let's see it needs to
be at least two times
wait the flywheel can come out at the
over the end but
um let's say let's say 10 of
clearance from The Edge so 10 then the
motor the motor which is a
it's
then this thing outside of it is
um
75 then we need this to
be
22.2 25 or whatever minus 5 right that
defines the compression then another one
then this is
mirrored so
that's hold
on so this is going to be 10 + 2
* motor diameter better but that's
actually
not hold
on oh yeah okay so then the 75 over 2 is
37.5 minus
22.5 yes it's just 15
so we need 15 extra
this is all wait plus 2.5 this is all
times
2 okay so this is 10 +
44.5 + 15
because what we care about is this to
here this is okay so it's actually yeah
it's the same thing it's going to be 10
+ 44.5 over 2 + 37.5 / 2 + 2.5 *
2 okay let's write it again 2
time
10+ motor diameter over
plus a flywheel dim over
two plus
2.5 plus
2.5 and the height of it can just be um
the height of it can just be
um 50 who cares why does it even
matter okay yeah let's make it
50 so um
let's just get it
down okay
so now we just
need our mounting
circles the collar
Circle okay so let's draw construction
lines so what wait this is going to be
okay so
this uh the distance between here and
here is going to be 10
plus motor diameter over
two okay then we want to draw a circle
from here that's flywheel
dim and that's a that's a construction
line so then we want to mirror both of
these oh wait but let's let's do the
mirror after so then we want
um we could put the mounting this way
which is
better I don't know I don't think it
really matters this is going to be 4
point but wait uh
4.2 this needs to be
right that should be how it
is okay so now we can just take this
this this and this and
[Music]
mirror across here
okay now I want to know the distance
between here it's five that's not
right I did my math
wrong oh it needs to be
plus it needs to be plus
22225 - 5 over 2
okay
for e
okay so yeah let's just make that fix
okay it's
[Music]
209 okay
so this needs to
be um
Nerf Dam minus Nerf
compression over
two okay now if we do
this yeah okay
cool now what's the what is that it's
156 yes we can print that so now we
basically just want to extrude this by
five and we'll need a longer M4 but
that's perfectly fine
too um
wait can I go back to the sketch let's
see what is the what determines the
distance uh this is the it's at the
midpoint oh wait yeah okay this is 10
plus the motor diameter over two so if
we make the walls five 5
[Music]
Ms
how
how okay
can I get some of that freaking Chinese
balladry going on
dude we really only need
this okay and then this needs to be
motor length
plus
10 I don't know let me do a
she
go
75 so we
[Music]
need what is
that I wish it showed me both
what is
that why doesn't it tell me what the
hell yes but what is
it
81 okay oh if I just click on this but
it still maintains the if I press enter
now okay it's still maintain oh this
just okay so yeah
cool that should be good but we need to
make this a little bit stronger I'm
guessing Okay so now what I want to do
is I want to turn this on I'm going to
do a
copy wait
so
copy
haste okay
wait so now we want to fix this
because this is
grounded it's this
goes to here
okay okay sweet so
now we just need to
design
um the
flywheel can I move this to
uh you can't move it it's so stupid man
what the
hell whatever I don't I don't care
um that's a hunk of freaking plastic
Jesus and we want to groove it we
actually want to groove it at some point
so wait so let's um change this to
be it doesn't it just doesn't need to be
for a first test we really don't need it
to be
uh okay so now now we need to figure out
what's going on here
because e
oh what are the 3D printing ad add ends
that's cool as
hell okay
or not unviewable
but e
dude I really want this to work this
would be so sick
wait what oh I don't have
my yeah hold on
no
uh okay wait hold on
it's probably this process
fine you insist on being a total
turd uh wait what is that folder called
oh but it's called Fusion scripts I'm
dumb as hell
okay
sweet all it should be fine I mean
the paths are all right so let's see
cool so let's make a new SK new uh new
thing called it
solo python let's just save my
choice um
create okay you can close
this
um that's so
okay let's try
it
okay saved let's run it
did I make a note did I make a read me
in the thing that says how to do
it okay um
um yeah
so occurrence is visible yeah so it just
made that
up property of occurrence object has no
Setter the problem is you don't get dude
developing these things is so so brutal
all right I give up but I do really want
to make that work
whatever
um so what am I doing now I I'm
designing the
flywheel I wonder if I should make it
smooth like maybe just adding teeth to
it well let let's just try this okay
okay
so what
happens what
happens so this thing is five thick
right um so it should be flush so wait
let's see if it is
right so this is flush up against
there which
means we have 17 mil 17
mm so yeah so we can't really make this
thing all that
oh no we we
can okay so why don't we do
this
we maybe it goes like 17.4 whatever then
it goes out even more by
17 or what
17 this is 5 mm so we want an M5 in here
okay so we
uh we going a circle here that's um how
did we
decide we decided for the gears that it
was based on the root diameter of the
gear so but here we're not really Bound
by that we basically the minimum we need
to make it is let's say five plus five
for clearance wait no no hold
on based on the
radius
2.5 then another 2.5 then for the
M five nut
3.75 or
whatever or let's just say
four and then let's say five
more five more
let's
do 7.5
then I mean it really doesn't have to be
that much at all but so okay so it's
going to be 5 + 4 + 7.5
okay and so this is going to be extruded
by oh wait wait but we forgot something
in our sketch which
is a circle that is 5.2 we want it to be
snug
three so we're going to extrude this by
17 and what actually is that distance
16.5 that's perfect because that's
within
the I mean we don't want it to contact
it at all but whatever that should be
fine oh then we could just extrude this
by um so this is shaft height
shaft
length
minus
one okay okay but that is maybe where we
have an issue no I mean that looks long
so now we just need to draw the uh
sketch on here
wait oh you know what I did this
wrong this is a radius
calculation okay that checks out way
more wow that's a thick
boy let's change that 7.5 to
be
five
okay why are there two extrusions here I
don't understand that what is this one
what is this
one wa did 17
delete
this delete
this
okay okay
so this going to be
four and this is going to be the flats
distance which somehow I still have not
memorized can we just open up an
existing design
pretty sure these take
m5s we will find
out yeah see I just want to solo it it's
so insane
so this is
5.2 so let
hide
this
8.2 I'm down to do 8.2
I remember it being loose the other way
so
okay so we're going to extrude this
down
uh oh the better way to do is just
activate it I'm so
stupid all the time I'm so
stupid and I just want to
look okay this is all that and this is
that I think it's this
one and I made it
seven so the question
is or
the if I make it go down seven
CU we want it to be as much as possible
actually so can we
so so it's
nine so let's make it
10 wait but then the the
head right the question is the head
the head's only
seven right I see okay so let's make it
oh okay and what is the height of this
thing it's 16
oh so if we go down
10 then the center of this
circle so the this is 10 mm so that's
where the center of the circle is going
to be
so so let's say we have this then we
have uh
this this is 10 and this is six
so if we have a circle drawn with a
diameter of seven we'll have 3 mm of or
you know we'll have clearance so that's
fine
oops wait
let's okay
wait
5.2 oh if that's the case we need
to I was doing everything off of M5 but
yeah that's
right right
right these are m4s but but no but I
actually want to yeah
okay
um so what am I doing yeah I'm measuring
this I mean I'm pretty sure I'm still
going to have clearance
but because that's
8.4 yeah so I still have like um
basically a millimeter and a half of
clearance
okay now I'm going to draw again on here
cool and actually I want to go back I'm
going to make it
4.1 I think
n [__]
it n we'll do
4.1 is that enough so okay it's going to
be that's
2.4 I think that's going to be enough so
now we just need to mirror these
features
okay cool
the question is whether or
not whether or not this uh bolt is going
to hit there instead of there so what
what do we have from that face to this
face 2.75
so I think we need to change that
Extrusion to be at nine or
something because now the distance
between here and here is
3.4 which is greater than the distance
between this face and this
face which is if you put it on top of it
the bolt goes through it's going to hit
the shaft all right so we're good we can
now um copy this and add the
joints so first off
join yeah this to there
yeah that seems
right now we need to
copy
paste just move it out
here okay now I should be able to turn
these
right oh wait no but I didn't connect it
to the shaft
let's undo this undo
this wait we can't move it down 16 right
wait let me click okay do this then what
is this this initial Extrusion is 15 so
we need to right so we need to go back
here edit the
joint this is not 16 but
15 oh so we actually have more room to
play with because I forgot about that we
have one extra millimeter so we kind
of oh plus it's the other way around
dude I'm I'm so I'm I'm so bad at
flipping it in my mind so it actually
doesn't
matter but this should be this should be
fine so now we can copy this and paste
it and then um move this out
here and join it
wait let's make sure that this did I get
this right okay
cool this and this
15 cool
so is this all we need
man 25
wait why is that so oh no yeah that's
that's
right but actually is this stupid as
hell because now there's a big lever
going this
way I don't know if I like the fact that
there's
so much space
here the bolt will hold it in I think we
should just print this see how long have
we been
going
440 all right this will probably take a
while to print too
so um and then we got to write the
software to okay so let's
uh say a
prototype okay
I think that's the only two parts is the
holder and then
the maybe I could split the difference
and make the wall thickness 3 MS
wait
what this is stupid this is this is no
way
to
okay two hours
in the meantime I guess I could try to
fix
I think I don't want to
risk well I only have one Pico left I
don't want to risk breaking it on this
stupid thing but maybe that's just like
me being really
dumb I'm going to try plugging it in
again feel like I'm pretty sure it's
busted but I just don't know why it's
busted okay let's print this
out so these are
m4s okay
see that's the thing about solo you
can't actually click on this stupid
thing wait I'm going to cancel
this I don't think there's enough
clearance
there so if we activate this uh let's go
away bro
17.8 no that's enough wait 02 around
yeah that's good I'm down with that
oh but we need something to we need a
way to hold this to the ground we need a
fasten this to something heavy
man um
should I cancel it and try to read this
up I'm trying to think what I would
do
um put a piece of wood on it put it I
mean like
uh right you when you're doing this you
got to think ahead like what could I
make this so that I could actually use
it for longer because prototypes that's
the thing about prototypes is that you
need if you spend a bunch of time on the
Prototype you got to H so maybe I should
just go ahead and then I can put it on a
piece of wood or something screw it
in
well I could just design a bracket that
goes onto
it I could just use these these brackets
too okay so I'm going to keep it going
because whatever so what else is on the
to-do list so we sort of designed a
prototype for a flywheel and
stuff e
for e
okay
[Music]
for
e e
okay well we can at least do the
wiring
um the wiring and I guess the
programming
okay
for
e e
Jesus
okay
um so let's move all this crap
um okay so we just need
to take up
okay
okay we
need five more of these and this is
going to be annoying actually because I
don't know if I have five more of
these okay one
two sure
three
yellow
four and black
okay okay
okay let's do this
thing
one let's
um make sure the cable management
thing is
done
okay
[Music]
round for
the five
volts next is
the pwm
okay
um
gp4 wait this on pin
six so we have gp5
okay
gp6 which is um
what the hell
okay that makes things
easier gp5 then ground and GP six is on
nine then
lastly that one so so it
this one's busted
well these colors actually worked out
really
well wait where's my blue
that blue is so
loose well
whatever so blue
blue is pin
[Music]
nine and yellow is
pin 10
cool
now I need to um
about that much
on okay
yeah I'll do that
okay and then this one can be
longer crimple actually work better
without the solder
okay
for for
okay those aren't going
anywhere let's get our
trim need two of these
it's nice that they gave me these
otherwise I would have soldered to them
and it's like then you got to desolder
them and you want to finalize it and
it's like oh my
God
okay
um white is go to Red okay
slap that on
there oh wait actually no this is what
you're supposed to do
there's freaking flies
everywhere
okay
um slide that
on slide that in
damn it maybe I do need a solder
[__] it it's good
enough no it is not no it's not good
enough
okay so I'm going to go solder the leads
on
these but I kind
of [__] up this um
it's actually
fine I think it'll be
okay okay give me a
minute okay so the problem is yeah you
need to cover these in solder otherwise
it's not going to work
e
e for
okay
see if this works
okay okay we need
this put this open again
what can I put in
there I need is like really thin maybe
a maybe just my
pen okay that might be good
enough so let's get this thing over
there
okay
come on bro these connectors
suck hate these Conn
okay nope come on bro this sh is so mid
crimp it bro crimp
it okay well
Jesus
Christ the problem is the wire is like
kind of too thick for this
crimp okay there we go that's pretty
good that's as good as we're GNA get
I'll get some electrical
tape and just tie it
off oh come on I don't have electrical
tape
what what the hell
bro okay whatever let's do the next one
maybe I'll crimp it first
actually I'm G to try
that cuz
then I can sort of do it with precision
there we go that's
crimped oh that's actually just
destroyed I just broke
it
whatever that's in there so now we just
need
um this thing
shove it in the wrong way I don't give
[__] I do not give a [__] at the
moment as long as it's Shield
okay I just got to get some electrical
tape and we're
good
e
e e
okay for
cool Just for kicks I'll put the bracket
on
too where is
the okay
I'm getting hungry I might make
lunch okay
that it pops
on there you
go
hey okay
okay so let's see what's
good is
basically this is motor 2 so we want
this one to
rotate counterclockwise and we want this
one to
rotate
clockwise okay
so let's um go to the
code okay
Let's
see we want to move these guys over and
around move this guy out over
here okay
okay
e e
I
this will probably get
it
e
for
for e
that
that's pretty good let's do that for
um okay I think that that's right let's
just make sure the pins are
right um
Okay so
n
2 is on
pin seven that's gp5 and six and
7 yeah I think that's right so let's run
this thing we just need to turn on the
power supply and we need to
connect the the USB cable
okay
so 5% speed we should be good so we're
going to turn on the power
supply when I turn it to
current we are going to run the
code okay so something weird happened
don't know what
happened maybe 5% is too low oh
wait this is probably what
happened
L dude 10%
oh
wait there we
go
okay oh
wait what
happened okay come on
hello there we
go I guess it can't move
that okay so this is moving the wrong
way
so we want this one to
be
[Music]
nice I'm G try to hold on to
it oh I canall it I can install it
really easily
actually damn
[Music]
we try to gear it up or
something this one why are they stalling
that's so weird let's do 10 I feel like
it won't fail at
10 let's see the current
draw still not that
much okay let's let's do this thing
oh yeah half an
amp all right all right my
friends you can't even see him rest
assured by the sound they are absolutely
going they are going they are
going let's see how my print is
doing come on bro this thing needs to
print
faster I really want to launch something
tonight
that's pretty
sweet my guess is that they'll
stall that we'll need to find a speed
that oh [__]
I messed up the design
again I didn't think about the dude I
never think about the Fasteners this is
why the cardinal sin is always put in
your
Fasteners look it look at
that oh you got to be kidding me bro I
think what I'm going to do is I'm just
going to counter
Bo let's see let's see what the the
thickness of these uh
let's see
uh hopefully I can get that clearance so
that I can get it in there because
otherwise we are screwed my friend we
are
screwed
so
um that's stinks man I always forget the
Fasteners all right so it's four
thick and the distance
to the distance from here
to here is 1 mm so that means that I
need a 3 mm
deep at least three and a half but I
cannot go all the way through otherwise
I'm I can't mount
it so uh that's going to be a careful
careful
thing
for
e
e for
yeah this board is dead man oh
wait what was that
I think I think that's the S of it
trying to make a connection and
failing or something weird
e e
okay
e
e e
he's pretty
fine
h
e e
bro I just want this print to finish I'm
too scared dude I'm too scared to
uh to blow up this Pico
man the wiring is correct that's the
crazy part
what is this green
one I think I need to send it dude I
think I need to it just sets me back so
much if I if it breaks
I think I have more female to male
jumpers if that's the case I could
probably
use
okay all right let's see micro python
with
uh micro Python and
[Music]
um
esp32 in this video we will learn how to
get started with micropython I will walk
you through in setting up your
micropython environment
micropython download
Micro by the way these are the boards
compatible with micro python this is f
board SDM 32 and this one Wi-Fi with Y
andpress boards which are ESP 8266 ESP
32 and tiny tiny is also es32 by the way
so download the generic es32 module and
scroll down look for
esp32 yeah download the latest stable
version so for the stable these are the
stable versions for this one 1.3 newly
released last uh September 2 so I will
download this one and save it to the
folder of choice and I will choose again
the folder I created in the desktop with
okay maybe that's something I do I'll go
get my ESP and we'll just try to get
uh
us I'm oh dude I'm so glad he put that
in and one under. because I I spent
like hours not realizing that you have
to do this of your choice save it again
in the desktop start download okay
number four and for later references
download the pin assignments or P pin
outs or a schematic diagram of your
development board you will be needing it
later on to know let's say the pin
assignment of the onboard
LED so I have here a copy of the pin
assignments for this es32 development
board so I will post the link of this
for you to download I also have the
schematic diam but this one is not for
this development that's that's the
annoying thing about buying Electronics
of Amazon is that there's so much junk
and I don't know why and they just don't
give you
documentation
uh one with 30 pins number five now that
we have all the necessary files let's
install the 20on ID so let's
inst
because
driver of Theon but for the sake of
tutorial I will show you how to FL the
so that's WHYY I already have
micropython inside so that's why I'm
having of the micropython but for the
sake of tutorial I will show you how to
flash the es32 with neware to do that
click the tools menu in Theon manage
plugins and in the search box type ESP
tool and hit enter click install and
give it some time the loading then
installing okay done when you see the
uninstall button here I will just click
close now we are ready to flash a new
firware to our es32 to do that click
again the tools menu then select options
and click The Interpreter tabs then here
which interpreter or device should T use
for running your code I will select
esp32 it could be Pyon from or
micropython by using the BBC micro or
micropython pp32 8266 for micropython
generic this one is using pyboard so
let's select the micropython dp32 then
in the
select the correct comport which isort
then click open the dialog for
installing or upgrading micropython on
your device I will click this one and in
the port select again the comport and in
the firware select browse and go to the
folder you choose before choose the one
the Micon folder in the okay all
right fair enough all right let's try to
do
that
for e
okay what's it
called this is it I mean this is the
ship but this is not the PCB right
is
it see on mine pin one is not
ground that's the crazy thing is that
this total
nonsense
board who is who is making this
crap whatever there's a pin out on the
board so I don't really
care I guess
yes this is the chip right this is not
the
um maybe this is the
PCB
for
e e
oh this looks like the board
dude High Let Go is such
[__] H come on bro
okay whatever why why do I even
care
okay thony thony thony
thy um
[Music]
um oh
sick wait okay wait so what is the
um
LED for
wait I want to try to okay wait let's
see see if I can
um I held Boot and it didn't make it a
bootable
drop okay let's just try
this e
pretty sure it's this
I don't know why I mean that's the great
thing about Raspberry Pi and Picos is
like they
just they sell the board there's not all
this freaking
nonsense
okay it's just put it in
Source
um
okay dude what keeps going
on yeah see some a
bro this keeps H something switched my
default python to like 3.12 I do do not
want
that oh but I don't want to switch my
python let's just do it from within
um
okay no bro what the
[__] what it how do I rename this
[__] thing oh yeah
dude that is [__] insane
man where did this one even come
from can I just delete
this actually
insane wait
should I do that I feel like that's a
bad
idea how do I set python to be
this okay
so
um what is it
I can't believe I have to do this
crap
e e
yeah I don't know where this came from
I'm not installing this
[__] I don't
care whoever did that is an idiot
H everything is
awful when you're on
Windows because everything takes a
million
[Music]
commands dude no way only 20 minutes
have P 30 minutes have
passed oh my
God some days it's just like this
man I could have just removed it from
the path probably
okay so now if I do
this
hello
y okay sick
all right cool so let's get back to
business please comments
[Music]
okay [__]
wait maybe it's just called ESP
tool what why doesn't control W work
look this
sick what
dude for some reason the boot mode thing
just didn't work for
me I'm holding down boot
the hell is going on here
some weird grounding thing happened I
guess is it open because of this no way
right dude am I the stupidest son of a
[__] Al
alive it's not in boot
mode okay wait let's
uh dude this is why Picos are so much
better it's cuz you don't have to do all
this crap
what are all these tools
e e
I'm down to try that
I don't think that's it
though did I do I have the right driver
I'm pretty sure I
do dude esps have given me so much so
much more of a headache than Rasberry
pie
stuff it's giving wind as
Apple no that's the right thing I
remember I was able to get this working
should I just try another
one okay I'm going get another one this
one sucks
I'm so glad I bought more
Picos because this is a
nightmare dude they don't show up as a
bootable thing all right wait
let's let's see let's just try it one
more
time dude what the
freak holy [__] this isn't
even oh
wait hold on
okay no yeah they just don't show up as
bootable things all
right
e
e e
okay well I give up on esps I think they
suck and they're not fun to use dude
this print is taking way too
long
e
e e
I mean we're basically just waiting on
this
thing it's a huge
bummer I don't know why the ESP doesn't
go into boot
mode e
how do I put my esp32 in boot mode for
my Raspberry Pi Pico all I do is hold
down the boot button and then it like
opens up in Windows Explorer as like a
flash drive
basically uh but when I do that with my
ESP it just doesn't it doesn't do it
no what I'm saying is I'm trying to hook
it up to my
laptop hook up my esp32 to my laptop
when I do that with my
Pico then and I hold down the boot
Button then windows will open up Windows
Explorer and show the Raspberry Pi as a
that is flashable but when I do the
equivalent Thing by holding down boot on
my esp32 and plugging the USB into my
computer it doesn't show up as a
bootable drive and when I try to use ESP
tool to flash it it says that the
comport is busy even though I verified
that the comport is right and anyways
oh
really I forgot the end thing all right
okay I'm just being stupid man I'm not
reading the
directions let me watch that video dude
what does he
do that the erase Flash before
installing is or check should be checked
then click install give it some time
until this one is
successful okay erasing is complete now
writing now it's flashing new to
the2 click okay click close And click
okay now the micropython is successfully
installed to the 32 development board
now we can check this one we can test
some code let's make the on LED lights
on and lights off making some codes
import machine and let's create a
variable LED and set it to the
pin pin 2 theed and and let's set the
pin direction to
output and to turn on the LED we just
need to send LED that on
okay so I'm going to go with the ESP
again it's just funny how little things
in the design and user experience like
gosh it's so painful that I have to
press two things why can't I just press
one
thing e
okay fine let's uh try it one more time
because I'm an idiot all right hold down
boot okay while holding the boot down
press and release the end
button okay keep holding the boot Button
until you start the flashing process is
that for
real dude no what are you guys talking
about it's
literally right let me close everything
how about that it's possible that the vs
code is like stealing it or something
stupid
let's close thw as well is th
open oh wow
okay all right
sick so now did I download that firmware
I think I
did okay so now okay
okay la la la I'm a freaking
idiot I don't think I need to be an
admin
okay so now I should be able to just run
code on it right so now once this is
done I'm going to go to th and I should
just
sh okay what else does it say to do
how much time is left on this print six
16 minutes all right let's let's try to
do
something okay so that's
done so we should be able to go to
thwy and run
blink or wait can we just um
dude T is such an
ass
what holy [__] Donnie is so
[__] nice sick okay okay that wasn't
actually that bad you just have to
remember to do this stupid okay so you
probably won't be able to see
it oh yeah you
can okay so
now we are going to attempt to
Port we're going to attempt to control
the stepper motor from the ESP so this
peak P so wait let me take a picture of
the
Pico and then unplug it because this
thing
sucks well it only sucks cuz I broke it
but I don't know how I broke
it $5 down the drain
Man Okay
so e
okay okay so the problem
is without a real pinout diagram
it's hard to know what anything
is no matter
yeah let's uh let's disconnect the
regulator I'm just going to do this with
normal Power
okay
um okay so like when it says
d34 um I really don't want an
oscilloscope so let me just
use let me just use my
okay okay
okay e
okay so
[Music]
um wait what the [__] just happened
what that makes no
sense it's
floating I don't understand okay we have
d23 all right I'm going to write d23 to
one so uh
oh
fantastic we
reset okay let's try to turn
the okay that's good
okay it's at 3.3 volts so then why is it
that I
have must have been doing something
really
weird yeah what why do I keep resetting
this
thing I actually have no idea what's
going
on maybe that's something
I'm so confused
okay well whatever right
whatever okay so I should be
good and my code should be fine as long
as I replace the pins
so let's
um let's close this we don't need this
anymore I
think all wa Let's
uh for
okay so we just need to change a bunch
of pins
right
okay okay so let's just do one to start
so first off we need a we need our wire
strippers and wire
it would be great to get this to work
again especially with a new
microcontroller it would be nice
okay okay 3.3 volts logic is everywhere
so that's good now we just need to um
oh wait can we just do a
simple
um for
oh we are going to need this thing okay
D wait but we don't want
to okay all right let's just do this
we all we need
is this
um okay um
I wonder if this
works it says Pico but that's
just okay but now we need our
power all right this is sort of the
Moment of Truth for this for this per
part of the thing
because it very well could be that the
second I turn on this power I lose
connection to the Pico because I fry it
for some Unholy ungodly reason I'm going
to actually unplug this um
just in
case cuz who
knows okay so wait let's just make sure
that
I'm pretty sure that's all we
need Okay so
okay so it is locked that's a good
sign so oh wait so hold on let's um
nice Okay cool
so all right so we can test our micro
stepping ability now
I'm going to hook up the next one so
let's turn off the
power
okay switch this to
19 and
[Music]
M2 okay let's make sure we get this
right now we just need to make some
longer
wires that's definitely long enough
step it
up okay
nope no it's not long enough you go to
be kidding me
and then green
okay
so all right so we're ready for
um okay
damn these four pin things they're just
so loose
it's a little bit better
nice okay
um Okay cool so let's freaking get on
with
[Music]
it oh
yeah this is um
okay so it
works man this thing has gotten really
warped that is pretty incredible
why is it grinding so much
oh sh it is literally falling apart
that's
insane yeah you can't leave pla out in
the
sun at
all what a
joke okay well anyways we got it working
again this time with an
ESP so that's great I mean that's that's
actually great cuz now
I am not so worried
no oh
[Music]
is that
it
cool yeah I forgot the me became a mess
but that's
okay all right let's go get our parts
I forgot I'm going to need my phone
because I need to counter Bo the
mounting holes so that I can assemble
it
e
for e
actually I'm going to use my drill press
I was going to use a screwdriver but I'm
going to use my drill press I just need
to bring these I'll be
back
e
for
e e
okay all right finally done
first time using a drill press didn't go
terrible didn't go great so I only did
two of
them um oh and I forgot the other parts
that sucks okay but in any case let's um
disconnect this disconnect
this
disconnect
this okay let's put all this stuff away
let's
get this stuff
going he
all right I should have made much longer
wires
but okay it's
okay all right the first
one
okay get it in there okay
get it in
there [__]
yeah this is going to break
oh my God this part is
such this is so crappy okay whatever we
have to as send it I mean can you guys
see this
this what happened oh my God what
happened these they just don't even do
it um okay this thing doesn't even sit
up straight because it's
so so we'll need to put it on a
platform
okay typical typical
typical maybe I should go counter the
other
two wait this is number two okay yeah
this is number
two for
okay so we're going to put it like this
I guess and then on something else
like put
this
okay okay so now we need to power the
power
supply we need to connect the
Pico why didn't that make a
sound have I not done it
yet oh maybe I'm muted
okay I think I think I'm good
um dual
motors
10% okay oh wait wait we we need to
install the other things I got to get
the other
parts for
man I'm all over the place I'm all over
the place okay
cool we need
our
M5 and then the diameter of this we
probably want
12 okay
okay
no we need we need
um 16s
okay for
okay so first one
goes there's absolutely no way toline
this thing
what I thought I gave a millimeter of
play why is
that why is that not
oh it's oh it's
sagging okay fine I give up I'm going to
go counter board the rest of them CU it
clearly needs to be supported on both
ends it's just not a it's just not going
to work
counter sync counter board I don't know
what it's
called damn bro
damn
bro you just got to think when it when
this thing works it's going to be
sick and of course the crimp connector
broke you gotta be kidding me okay
I'll be
back okay I'll be
back
e
e e
okay good
[__] son of a [__]
oh
okay
there we go okay cool
hopefully that's
enough I want try to scoop some out of
there
okay
um great fix the crimp connector fix the
crimp connector why don't you [__]
crimp this
[__] [__] crimp this [__]
God damn okay that's going to be strong
enough for
now okay we are ready this
is this is the first input but whatever
we'll put it
here okay
a tail is Old As Time forgetting to put
in Fasteners and then having to do a
bunch of
dumb nonsense to clean it
up is this thing on
okay that thing's pretty on
there the main problem is
that
stupid just didn't give myself enough
clearance
okay let's get the first one in
like
that what that's not
right okay
okay
okay wow the counter board actually does
look really nice you can hardly see them
holding
up
okay so this one needs this two
nuts okay
holy [__] we're getting so close man
it's been it's been eight hours there
was a couple hours in there where I
wasn't really doing anything
cool oh it's not all the way down in
there
[Music]
okay come
hell why isn't this one going
in there we
go okay
who is this thing locked how's this
thing
locked that's
weird I don't like that that's locked
why is it locked
whatever
whatever presumably it's
fine I don't really get why it's locked
though it's a little
spooky this one's
fine okay
well that was right
okay what if
I okay certainly if I
if I unplug
this it won't be locked
anymore
whoa what is doing
that did I dig into the motor from this
thing oh oh
no oh no bud that is no
good it is very possible I just damage
this
motor what the hell why don't they tell
you that the stepper Motors it bottoms
out man bottoms out and you
can't dude these flies got to get off of
me now is not the
time I'm so
close that is
wild so let's just get a shorter M4
then for that
one get an eight
cuz that was
SS that was sussy
Baka
Baka bro I am literally [__] brain
dead okay
have you no
shame
okay should I just do an m on there
again okay
okay all
[Music]
right hell yeah
Bry all right so this is the moment dude
this is the freaking moment
okay we just need to install the last
melon
back
up
okay all right we're going to turn on
the power
supply we're going to see if we can spin
these things
up
okay we are pretty much
ready
um um
oh
[__] oh one of those had the M 5 by6 and
one of them had the
M8 all right sorry the M4 by 8s and the
M 5 by
16s
okay all
right Jesus
Christ wait pic disconnect pic is
disconnected
okay holy
[__] where's my Nerf rival
around oh my God
[Music]
let's try to aim it at the
camera uh not that camera well okay
let's see fck it
[Music]
okay so the first thing I clearly
noticed is that okay wait this is at 10%
speed we're going to 100
baby we got to hold it down oh installed
about
50 damn
it
20 oh
no I could have blown it
[Music]
oh my gosh it actually go so
fast it actually goes so
fast let's double it we got to double it
[Music]
let's see can we get a good shot out of
this
thing yeah
[Music]
oh
[__] this thing is freaking badass
[Music]
here I'm going to get a shirt so I can
make the clip
could I try 30% power I want to try
30% see how far this thing
[Music]
go okay so let's make the clip let's
figure out how I want to Stage
[Music]
this I really want to make it good
so
um so I want it to be like
want to be like today I designed and and
uh printed a let's see today I designed
and printed a flywheel based me or yeah
let me should I just write out a script
that'd be
easy today I built a flywheel based
projectile okay
yeah let me just do it but I need
this video or actually I don't need this
video I can just turn off this
video make this full
screen
okay
okay all right
let's
see okay at
8:15 today I created a
flywheel mechanism that shoots Nerf
rival rounds out of a DC motor
[Music]
I can't I can't play it back I need to
play it back
though that's probably good enough I'm
happy with this maybe I'll make the let
me make the last
changes um
we make the last changes on the fusion
model we are just going to
add we're just going to increase the
Extrusion
height so that it doesn't need to be on
blocks that's the most important thing
so the
holder this Extrusion needs to be plus
like 45
and then I'm also going
to okay that's it I'm just going to do
that we'll print that and then the only
other thing is we need to draw a sketch
on
here Hide everything else hide the
motors and over this we need to draw
a where my calps my calps
I think yeah it's
these what the hell am I out of
battery 7.1 7
7.1 to
7.2
okay and then a line here oh wait
a line
here that um do we have this can we
project
this seriously
bro okay yeah that's fine should
take okay let me mirror this
okay then we make a midpoint
line here this is
construction this is also construction
then we take these
two and we just need to counter board it
by
like
um 3.5 right
okay then we want to
take wait why is this circle even
here I don't care about this
circle I
want this
profile I
profile I want
this profile and I
want this profile and I'm extruding them
minus
3.5 okay so now we can save that and
reprint
it it's going to be
tall but that'll be good that'll be
good um
so yeah this thing works great I want to
try 50% really
bad or 40 let's work up to
[Music]
it this is so sick where's my Nerf
around bro this thing is [__]
[Music]
awesome well I have 50 more more who
cares
[Music]
okay so I'm already seeing a bunch of
issues I think that these balls need to
be slightly
heavier or
denser because air resistance is going
to be a huge problem they're too
light I wonder if I could just use a
flywheel based mechanism to shoot a
paintball
I should just buy some biodegradable
paintballs and
see and so that's why we need to make so
hold on in the read
me we need
to um okay so we did both of
these wait we want to put these at the
end um
design and
adjustable
width uh
flywheel
projectile yeah
um so these were m4x
12s no they're not they're like by tens
well I'm going to put him in
here it's going to be
fine okay
okay so let's just print that
out um
fixes save as mesh
okay save overwrite it okay and we're
just going to print it one more time
I can't even tell oh yeah it does
okay yeah it should be
fine
okay I feel like in that video you can't
tell let's try this
focus on this focus on
this
okay okay so let's run it
I've already lost two of my
rounds
whatever all
right
okay I have to get my face in it so
let's see
today I designed this flywheel
projectile
shooter how do I how am I going to do
this I need to control with my phone
man all right let's let's do
that
um or actually why don't I
oops going to move
this
okay can I make this work I feel like
need to be in the frame why don't
I do
this yes we got okay so why don't
I I say just keep it running maybe let's
see what the gain is like when it's
[Applause]
running today I designed this hold on
today I designed this flywheel based
projectile me
mechanism it's not that cool we need to
angle it up how can I angle it
up I need to put something under it
[Music]
I don't want it to fall
off all right that's enough I'll find a
clip in there
somewhere all right that was a very
successful
day yeah the air resistance is too high
though all right peace
[Music]